c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\obj\Debug\TesteWebQA.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\TesteWebQA.dll.config
c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\TesteWebQA.dll
c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\TesteWebQA.pdb
c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\TechTalk.SpecFlow.dll
c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.pdb
c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\obj\Debug\TesteWebQA.dll
c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\obj\Debug\TesteWebQA.pdb
c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\elidianez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\TesteWebQA.dll.config
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\TesteWebQA.dll
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\TesteWebQA.pdb
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\TechTalk.SpecFlow.dll
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.pdb
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\obj\Debug\TesteWebQA.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\obj\Debug\TesteWebQA.dll
C:\Users\elidianez\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\testeqaautomation\TesteWebQA\TesteWebQA\obj\Debug\TesteWebQA.pdb
